feat: migrate `applications` module under the `ibc` crate into `ibc-apps` (#967)
cosmos/ibc-rs: crates/ibc-apps/README.md

# `ibc-apps`

> This crate is top-level library re-exports implemented Inter-Blockchain
> Communication (IBC) applications in Rust serves as a centralized hub,
> simplifying the process of importing and integrating various IBC applications
> into your blockchain. IBC is a distributed protocol that enables communication
> between distinct sovereign blockchains and IBC applications is the part of the
> protocol that abstracts away the core transport and authentication layers and
> focuses solely on business logics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate is a top-level library that re-exports Inter-Blockchain
Communication (IBC) applications implemented in Rust. It serves as a centralized hub,
simplifying the process of importing and integrating various IBC applications
into your blockchain. IBC is a distributed protocol that enables communication
between distinct sovereign blockchains. IBC applications abstract away the core transport and authentication layers, letter blockchain app developers
focus solely on business logic implementation.
```

Author: [84b23d2](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-rs/pull/967/commits/84b23d20936d4f2ce8282c1ff9e6345076fd7eee)

The structure within the `ibc-apps` crate is designed to provide flexibility for

> external users. It allows you to utilize the own `ibc-apps` crate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
external users. It allows users to either utilize the entire `ibc-apps` crate, 
```

> comprehensively or selectively import specific libraries, whether you need a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or selectively import specific sub-crates, whether you need a
```

Author: [84b23d2](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-rs/pull/967/commits/84b23d20936d4f2ce8282c1ff9e6345076fd7eee)
